In this video, we are going to go ahead
and implement the Owner Index Page and
controller. This is going to be task
number lucky 13. I actually
assigned lucky 13 to myself. Let's
toggle over to IntelliJ. What we want
to do is come in here and now I'm going
to create a New Directory inside of
templates called owners
like so. I'm going to go ahead and stop
Spring Boot while we're here.
I'll create a another HTML File.
Go ahead and add that to Git.
I say List of Pet Owners. I'm going back over here
to grab the Thymeleaf namespace. Copy
that over. Come back to owners. Put that
in the tag.
I'm just changing the strings a little
bit so I have list of owners. They're
rendered in Thymeleaf. This sets up the
Thymeleaf template for us to use. Now
let's come over here. We need to create
the controller. Remember we need to
have the Spring Controller because
basically, that's going to be the traffic
cop. Remember when a request comes in,
Spring is going to be handling it
through a controller. Come up and add a
New Java Class. Add in OwnerController.
Yes, add a file GitHub.
I'm going to turn back list of owners.
This time
we will do
owners/index.
Remember in the request mapping here,
for the..I'm sorry. In the
controller, we did these. I'm just going to
copy that right over so I'll be
consistent but we want owners
like so. Now one thing. Let me show you
a little trick here. What we can do here,
in this, I'm going to show you something
with RequestMapping what while we're on
this.
That's just going to be a variant.
A lot of times inside of Spring, there's
more than one way to do things.
Because everything in this controller
is going to go to Owners, what I can do
is RequestMapping, now I can say
/owners.
I can get rid of that.
Get rid of that,
as well as that, and that should do it so
now, anything goes to owners. I'm not
sure. Let's see it. I'm not entirely sure
if we can go there without just a slash.
Let's go ahead and test that. See how
Spring reacts to that one, so I'm going to
start up Spring. Just to clarify what
I did there is I'm prefixing at the
class level. If I do a RequestMapping
annotation at the class level, this
is going to be prefixed to everything, so
now this value at the first value become
owner/ that become owners/index and that be owners /index.html.
You can see here in the log output, I'm
outputting owners/index and so on.
Let's go ahead and test that. Come
over to Chrome
and let's come over to owners.
We can see that we are not getting that
so double-check owners and so we do need
to have that empty string.
So now let's go ahead and bounce that.
This would
pick up the fresh mapping.
That is back up. Let's go ahead and do this. So now we have List of
Owners. It came in here with a /.
That still works by doing index.
If I actually spell
index right.
So now I have List of Owners and of course if I did
html that would work as well. Let's
go ahead and close this.
I'm going to come up here. Right click
Commit Directory. I can't remember my
issue number. That was a number. Oh yeah.
Lucky number 13.
Add 13 like so. I'll go ahead and
Push that.
That is pushing and we could see that is now closed on GitHub.